hi guys i am if this is my videorecensione dell rc xd present in
culo virginia cox is a radio-controlled machine that unlocks in the game
after three incisions in a row as you well know it is also called the alley of
espionage slasher video surveillance on the remote control we have a screen and a
speaker on the machine from the microphone and a camera then from
stop following the camera looking at the images the machine sends us
directly on the remote control screen the adjustable hey speed
via the remote control
a slow and a fast one we also have the possibility to adjust the first true
the trim of the wheels that are soft
obviously we have the same and the trigger that allows when pulling of
go ahead and when you push yourself to go back then we have the
working antenna shock absorbers that has a small pin to be able to
block keita
a little more grit than the
of said of nice are a bodywork in quotation marks
chipped
which seems to have already been on a battlefield
the revenues that would be or connected to the bomb 1 consumption myth
reja
north
king
Brazil
letters that are your heart that evolves the machine
the fact that batteries in batteries don't last that long
at least those of the machine and it takes 12 lp-e6 batteries in all
because the remote that you are really powerful for the king is the machine
yesterday to even little arched on wet surfaces killing stone media
size can be an obstacle
all just a beautiful object, says its very nice
there works perfectly an apartment for 8
the public in the doubt inner court statute of the tax payer
campobasso
on this beautiful thank you having spoken to us
to the next